-- Index Copy -- 

The purpose of this project was to analyze how weather changes as you get
closer to the equator. To accomplish this analysis, we first pulled data from 
the OpenWeatherMap API to assemble a dataset on 500 cities. 

After assembling the dataset, we used Matplotlib to plut various aspects 
of the weather vs. latitude. Factors we evaluated included the following: temperature, 
cloudiness, wind speed, and humidity. This site provides the source data and 
visualizations created as part of the analysis, as well as explanations and 
brief descriptions of any identifiable trends or correlations. 

-- Cloudiness Copy --
The graphic above is a visual representation of the change in cloudiness as a percentage by latitude. This study defined 100% as the maximum possible percentage.

Within this specfiic sample of cities across the globe, there was no obvious correlation between the cloudiness of a location and its associated humidity. 
Although there is no clear connection, further study is recommended to confidently conclude that latitude bears no impact on cloudiness.


-- Humidity Copy -- 
The graphic above is a visual representation of the change in humidity as a percentage by latitude. This study defined 100% as the maximum possible percentage.

Within this specfiic sample of cities across the globe, there was no obvious correlation between the latitude of a location and its associated humidity. 
Although there is no clear connection, further study is recommended to confidently conclude that latitude bears no impact on humidity.


-- Max Temperature Copy -- 
The graphic above is a visual representation of the change in maximum temperature in degrees fareinheit by latitude.

As epected, within this sample of cities around the globe, the maximum temperautre of the locaton in question increases as distance to the equator decreases. It should be stated, however, 
that this analysis is only specific to the time of year at which it was completed.



-- Windspeed Copy -- 
The graphic above is a visual representation of the change in wind speed in miles per hour (mph) by latitude. Maximum wind speed calculated was around 36 mph.

Within this specfiic sample of cities across the globe, there was no distinct correlation between the wind speed of a location at a given latitude. It's important to note,
however, the vast majority of wind speeds tabulated fell within the range of 0 to 25 mph with some outliers in the upper 20s and mid 30s. There was a particularly heavy conentration of 
speeds found between 0 and 10mph between -20 and 80 degress latitude. Further study is needed to derive a clear conclusion or correlation. 


